Question 1
1 / 1 pts
Which of the following are not true about lookups? (Select all that apply.)

[Note: there is only one correct answer]

  Lookups can be time based. 
  Search results can be used to populate a lookup table. 
  Splunk DB Connect can be used to populate a lookup table from relational databases. 
  Output from a script can be used to populate a lookup table. 
  Lookup have a 10mg maximum size limit. 
 
Question 2
1 / 1 pts
Assuming a user has the capability to edit reports, which of the following are editable?
  Acceleration, schedule, permissions 
  he report’s name, schedule, permissions 
  The report’s name, acceleration, schedule 
  The report’s name, acceleration, permissions 
 
Question 3
1 / 1 pts
When an alert action is configured to run a script, Splunk must be able to locate the script. Which is
one of the directories Splunk will look in to find the script?
  $SPLUNK_HOME/bin/scripts 
  $SPLUNK_HOME/etc/scripts 
  $SPLUNK_HOME/bin/etc/scripts 
  $SPLUNK_HOME/etc/scripts/bin 
 
IncorrectQuestion 4
0 / 1 pts
Which one of the following describes the result of a webhook alert action
  Displaying a message in a chat room or updating another web resource. 
  Sending email notifications when alerts trigger. 
  Writing the results of the triggered alert or scheduled report to a CSV lookup file. 
  Adding an alert to a list of recently triggered alerts for monitoring. 
 
Question 5
1 / 1 pts
In the Splunk interface, the list of alerts can be filtered based on which characteristics?
  App, Owner, Severity, and Type 
  App, Owner, Priority, and Status 
  App, Dashboard, Severity, and Type 
  App, Time Window, Type, and Severity 
 
Question 6
1 / 1 pts
Refer to the exhibit:

splunk search 42.png
An administrator is setting up an alert. What will ticking the Throttle checkbox achieve?

 

 

  The number of actions triggered by this alert will grow exponentially every time the condition is met. 
  Suppress alert triggering for a specific time period. 
  Allows adding more actions when an alert is triggered. 
  Speeds up the search by allocating more resources to this specific alert. 
 
Question 7
1 / 1 pts
When is an alert triggered?
  When Splunk encounters a syntax error in a search. 
  When a trigger action meets the predefined conditions. 
  When an event in a search matches up with a data model. 
  When results of a search meet a specifically defined condition. 
 
Question 8
1 / 1 pts
Which of the following describes lookup files?
  Lookup fields cannot be used in searches. 
  Lookups contain static data available in the index. 
  Lookups add more fields to results returned by a search. 
  Lookups pull data at index time and add them to search results 
 
Question 9
1 / 1 pts
What are the steps to schedule a report?
  After saving the report, click Schedule. 
  After saving the report, click Event Type. 
  After saving the report, click Scheduling. 
  After saving the report, click Dashboard Panel. 
 
Question 10
1 / 1 pts
In automatic lookup definitions, the _____ fields are those that are not in the event data.
  Input 
  output 
 
Question 11
1 / 1 pts
Which command is used to review the contents of a specified static lookup file?
  lookup 
  csvlookup 
  inputlookup 
  outputlookup 
 
Question 12
1 / 1 pts
What is the correct order of steps for creating a new lookup?
1. Configure the lookup to run automatically
2. Create the lookup table
3. Define the lookup
  2, 1, 3 
  1, 2, 3 
  2, 3, 1 
  3, 2, 1 
 
Question 13
1 / 1 pts
An online retailer has a daily goal of 500 sales. What should an admin configure to notify the retailer every day at 23:00 about the sales status?
  A scheduled alert 
  A real-time alert 
  A throttled alert 
  An indexed alert 
 
Question 14
1 / 1 pts
It is mandatory for the lookup file to have this for an automatic lookup to work.
  Source type 
  At least five columns 
  Timestamp 
  Input filed 
 
Question 15
1 / 1 pts
Lookups can be private for a user.
  True 
  False 
 
Question 16
1 / 1 pts
Which command is used to validate a lookup file?
  | lookup products.csv 
  inputlookup products.csv 
  | inputlookup products.csv 
  | lookup definition products.csv 
 
Question 17
1 / 1 pts
Which statement is true about Splunk alerts?
  Alerts are based on searches that are either run on a scheduled interval or in real-time. 
  Alerts are based on searches and when triggered will only send an email notification. 
  Alerts are based on searches and require cron to run on scheduled interval. 
  Alerts are based on searches that are run exclusively as real-time. 
 
Question 18
1 / 1 pts
Which of the following is the first step in configuring a scheduled alert?
  Enter a title and optional description. 
  Create a search. 
  Specify permissions. 
  Configure alert scheduling. 
 
Question 19
1 / 1 pts
What determines the scope of data that appears in a scheduled report?
  All data accessible to the User role will appear in the report. 
  All data accessible to the owner of the report will appear in the report. 
  All data accessible to all users will appear in the report until the next time the report is run. 
  The owner of the report can configure permissions so that the report uses either the User role or the owner’s profile at run time. 
 
PartialQuestion 20
0.5 / 1 pts
What must be done before an automatic lookup can be created? (select all that apply)
  The lookup command must be used. 
  The lookup definition must be created. 
  The lookup file must be uploaded to Splunk. 
  The lookup file must be verified using the inputlookup command.